[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
A BAD TURN
-[metal grating]
-[straining]
[Jeremy] Just a few more missions
like that on Sector Five
and I'll have all the elements I need
for Aelita's antivirus.
[straining]
-[Jeremy] See you tomorrow, Yumi!
-Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow!
See you tomorrow.
Yeah… Later!
-[Odd] Well?
-[Ulrich] What?
Hello! Anyone home?
-What are you waiting for anyway?
-You know they're right, Ulrich.
You really ought to go for it.
But, now?
No, wait until she starts going out
with another guy
because she's sick of waiting for you
to make a move, right?
[groans]
And what if Jim notices that I'm missing?
-We'll cover for you.
-[everyone laughs]
[panting]
William! What are you doing here?
Are you crazy?
Yes. I told you I was.
I go totally crazy when I like a girl.
[panting]
[Ulrich groans]
[grunts]
[footsteps running away]
[Yumi groans]
No… Wait!
Sorry. I'm a little… confused.
It's Ulrich, isn't it?
[sighs]
Goodnight.
[theme music]
So then I told her I was going to order
a T-shirt on the internet,
and she asked if it was
going to come out of the printer!
[everyone laughing]
-[door opens]
-[gasps]
Here's our hero!
Hey, champ! How'd it go?
Well, then. I think I'm going
to go to bed. I'm tired.
Yeah, me too.
Well! What happened?
[Ulrich] Leave me alone.
[tense music]
[Mr. Delmas] Some of you
are already riding scooters,
and at this stage, I don't think
it would be a waste of your time
to go over the rules of the road.
[Ulrich sighs]
-[Mr. Delmas] This training day will…
-Hi!
[Mr. Delmas] …with the correct way
to drive a vehicle.
Assistant Warrant Officer Garrigue, here,
has agreed to take you
under his responsibility today,
as part of the exchange program
between the Police Force
and the Board of Education.
Our Physical Education teacher, Jim,
will assist you as well.
Corporal Jim Morales,
seventh Engineering Battalion,
serial number: nine, two, twelve, one.
[military drumming]
At ease. You were in the army?
I'd rather not talk about it,
Captain!
I'm only a Warrant Officer.
Excuse me, Lieutenant.
Yes, well, I'll turn operations
over to you, Jim.
Can I count on you?
[shouting] Affirmative, Mr. Delmas!
[Mr. Delmas groans]
[tense music]
[swoosh]
[mechanical clanking]
[Officer] Driving any vehicle
is serious business.
Caution, concentration, and safety are…
Hey, Ulrich. What's wrong?
Are you sulking, or what?
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Yumi sighs]
What is it with him? Last night when
we said goodbye, he was in a great mood.
[Odd] But, what about after? What happened
after he followed you back to your place?
He followed me?
[groans]
Oh, no!
Now, I'm going to call you one by one
to take a drive around the circuit.
The rest of you can go back to your seats.
Delmas, Elisabeth.
I prefer Sissi to Elisabeth.
What about you? Do you have a nickname?
[officer groans]
[engine starts]
[tires screech]
-[bang]
-[Sissi screams]
[everyone laughing]
-[officer] Della Robbia, Odd.
-Yeah!
[screaming]
[officer] Ishiyama, Yumi.
[grunts]
[officer] Pichon, Herb.
-[tires screech]
-[Herb groans]
-[officer] Stones, Aelita.
-[groans]
Let's go!
[brakes screech]
Hey! You're not any better than I am!
What a morale booster.
Hey, will you just shut up!
Hey, it's not Odd's fault if you drive
like a dork.
-[grunting]
-[punching]
[Jim] Stern and Dunbar!
Where do you think you are? Get up!
Straight to the principal's office!
[groans]
[theme music]
[Mr. Delmas] Your behavior
is unspeakable!
Violence is no way to sort out
your differences!
Next time, I'll suspend you both…
Understood?
[grunts]
Jim! Take them to the library.
Yes, General!
I mean, right away, Mr. Delmas!
[grunts]
[bell ringing]
[Odd] Don't worry, Aelita. It'll work out.
They're not the first guys
who ever fought over a girl.
How about you…
Would you fight over me, Jeremy?
I fight for you every day, Aelita…
against XANA!
[pretends to cry]
That's so beautiful.
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy groans]
[beeping]
Speak of the devil…
[Jeremy] I've got an activated tower here!
[Yumi] Let's head for the factory!
The sooner we deactivate it, the better.
-[Jeremy nods]
-What about Ulrich?
[Jeremy] We'll manage without him.
[computer game beeping]
-[door creaks]
-[Mrs. Ishiyama] You're home early, dear!
[Mr. Ishiyama] The meeting
with Morimoto San was moved up.
How's your dictionary coming along?
-[Mrs. Ishiyama] Well, my editor called--
-[bang]
[groans]
-[door creaks]
-Who could that be?
[door creaks]
[Mrs. Ishiyama] No!
[screaming]
[tense music]
[panting]
There! Look out!
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] Well, now we know what XANA
has in store for us.
[phone rings]
-Hello, Hiroki!
-[Hiroki] There's a big monster outside!
What?
No, I swear! And the monster
looks like the one in "Ultimate Blaster."
Daddy's outside!
-[screams]
-[crash]
I'm coming!
[Yumi] XANA has virtualized another Krab!
It's at my house!
My parents are in danger!
Go help them!
Odd and I will manage on Lyoko.
-Take care of yourselves!
-[Yumi] You too!
-We're going to need some back up!
-[beeping]
[phone ringing]
Uh… That might be important.
-[clicking]
-[groaning]
-[Jim] There we go!
-But…
What? You think I confiscated
your telephone so I could use it?
[laughs]
I got his voice mail… What bad luck.
We'll have to do without Ulrich.
Right, I've got a plan.
This, is the gallery
which I'm going to call "G."
This is where we are.
This is the elevator landing
which I am going to call "E."
We've got to get to point "E"
without being spotted by the Krab "K."
You get it?
[Odd] No. But I've got another plan…
What is it?
[Odd shouting] Banzai!
Odd!
[grunts]
[lasers blasting]
What are you waiting for? An invitation?
[mechanical clanking]
[beeping]
Get into the elevator! I'm coming!
[tense music]
-[mechanical scuttling]
-[groans]
[Jeremy] Hurry up!
[elevator door creaking]
[swoosh]
[clanking]
Get to the scanner room! I'll start up
the virtualization process!
[sirens wailing]
[panting]
[beeping]
[swooshing]
[police officer] You can't come through,
there's a dangerous animal on the loose.
[Yumi] But, I live right there!
I have to get to my parents!
Sorry, miss. We have our orders.
[groans]
[Jeremy] You okay?
Are you there, Odd?
[Odd] Yeah, but we've got
a little problem here.
Our friend, Mr. Krab has busted
all the scanners!
Not all of them… This one still works.
-[clicking]
-[scanning]
Okay, I'm going to virtualize
Aelita first.
The activated tower
is in the Mountain Sector…
-[Jeremy] Thirty-five degrees north.
-[scanning]
[Jeremy] Scanner, Aelita.
Transfer, Aelita.
Virtualization!
[tense music]
[static]
[grunts]
[Jeremy] I've programmed the Overboard.
[buzzing]
-[scanning]
-Your turn, Odd!
Okay.
[whirring]
Uh-oh…
Jeremy, we've got another problem.
What kind?
[Odd] Well, it's a big banquet. XANA
has sent us an entire seafood platter.
-[students screaming outside]
-[everyone gasps]
[Jim] What's all that ruckus?
[screaming]
You two stay put, if you know
what's good for you.
-[action music]
-[William gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[mechanical clanking]
-What is that thing?
-A Krab!
[gulps]
-[bang]
-[screams]
[tense music]
What was that?
The very last scanner getting destroyed
by a Krab.
[Jeremy] Aelita is on her own now.
Okay, there's not time to lose.
[groans]
[zoom]
[Yumi] You've got to believe me!
I'm the one that the creature is after!
I already told you, miss.
Orders are orders.
[voice on police radio] Calling all cars,
the animal has just been spotted
in the vicinity of Kadic Academy.
I repeat:
the vicinity of Kadic Academy.
[police officer 2] Let's go!
[engine revving]
-[groans]
-[sirens blaring]
[grunts]
[theme music]
[action music]
[screams]
[Jeremy] The activated tower
is 15 degrees more to the west.
Be very careful!
[grunts]
Don't worry, Jeremy. I learn fast.
[Jeremy] You better!
[phone ringing]
[Ulrich] Jeremy!
Ulrich! Not a moment too soon.
[Ulrich] What's going on?
XANA has materialized three Krabs.
One of them is at Yumi's,
and Odd's playing upstairs
with the second,
so that it won't do any more
damage outside.
[Ulrich] The third one is here
at the Academy. I'll deal with it…
with William.
[screaming outside]
Geronimo!
-[laser blasts]
-[Jim grunts]
[Ulrich] Jim!
[action music]
[mechanical clanking]
-[lasers firing]
-[William] Looking for me?
Come on! Over here!
[Yumi] Anybody home?
Daddy? Mum?
Hiroki?
[sinister music]
Ulrich! I'm at the groundkeeper's shed!
Ulrich!
[screaming]
[grunts]
[whirring]
[ethereal music]
[whooshing]
[crackling]
[static]
[gasps]
[skidding]
[swoosh]
[crackling]
-[blast]
-[tense music]
[blasting]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] You're lucky.
I wasn't going to save you.
Hey, what are you? Crazy?
What's the matter with you?
Stay away from our group!
You got that?
Listen, man, you're the one who
doesn't get it. In the race for Yumi,
I'm not in first place,
or didn't you know?
Uh?
-[grunts]
-[Yumi screams]
-Daddy?
-[Mr. Ishiyama laughs]
[creaking]
These Krabs are just as bad as on Lyoko.
[Jeremy] Aelita!
Behind you!
Squadron of four hornets coming in!
[hornets buzzing]
[lasers blasting]
[screams]
[Jeremy] They'll do everything they can
to slow you down.
That's for sure!
They'll want to give the Krabs time
to take care of Yumi and the others.
-Ulrich!
-Jeremy, we took out one of the Krabs!
Finally, some good news.
Aelita's doing everything she can to get
to the tower and deactivate it,
but nothing had better happen
to Yumi and Odd in the meantime!
[Ulrich] I'll take care of it!
[William] We'll take care of it.
[groans]
[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[groans]
[swoosh]
[crash]
[wings fluttering]
[exhales]
-[crash]
-[explosion]
[screaming]
[Jeremy] Well done, Aelita!
Odd would be proud of you!
[swoosh]
[Jeremy] They're catching up with you!
I've got an idea!
[Jeremy] It isn't dangerous, is it?
Uh… No! Odd showed it to me!
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
[lasers blasting]
[whoosh]
[explosion]
Let's go!
-[laser blasts]
-[Yumi screams]
[grunts]
[Mr. Ishiyama screams]
-[crash]
-[Mr. Ishiyama grunts]
[grunts]
[mechanical footsteps]
[Jeremy] You're about to arrive
at a hollow mountain.
[Aelita] Could you dematerialize
the Overboard when I give you the signal?
[Jeremy] Yeah, sure, but why?
[whirring]
[screaming] No!
[laser blasts]
[swoosh]
-[Yumi] Ulrich!
-[Ulrich] Make my day, shrimp!
-[lasers blasting]
-[screams]
[lasers blasting]
Wow! Too cool!
[explosion]
[groaning]
[fluttering]
Now!
[beeping]
-[screams]
-[explosion]
Thanks, Jeremy!
Nice job!
I'm sending you the Overwing.
-[beeping]
-[clicking]
[theme music]
[William grunts]
[tires screech]
[glass shatters]
[engine roars]
-What do we do now?
-I've got a slightly crazy idea!
[Jeremy] The activated tower
is not much further. Dead north.
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy] Aelita!
-[screaming]
-[crash]
[grunts]
William! Go!
[tires screech]
[grunts]
Now!
[whirring]
-[crash]
-Good job, man.
-[swooshing]
-[laser blasting]
How many times have I told you
this is the guy you should go out with?
[gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[screams and grunts]
[grunting]
[Hiroki] Ulrich, you're the greatest!
[Mrs. Ishiyama] Hiroki!
Hiroki! No!
[grunts]
-[blast]
-[screams]
[Yumi] Ulrich!
[grunts]
Aelita, get out of there!
[beeping]
[swoosh]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
-[gasps]
-[crackling]
[groans]
[zoom]
[Jeremy] Decoy!
[shrieking]
[lasers blasting]
[ethereal music]
I hope it's not too late…
[grunts]
[exhales]
[grunting]
[beeping]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[Yumi gasping]
They did it!
You were great, William.
But you won't remember any of it.
Uh?
Hey…
Tower deactivated.
[rewind]
Return to the past…
now!
[theme music]
[William] Hey, you really do know
what you're doing, Ulrich!
Thanks!
You want to come with me
to my go-cart club?
We'd have a great time together!
-[Ulrich] Sure! Why not?
-[groans]
[Ulrich titters]
[clears throat]
[theme music]